New resource `azurerm_data_share_dataset_data_lake_gen1` (#7511)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/data_share_dataset_data_lake_gen1.html.markdown

  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  firewall_state      = "Disabled"
}

resource "azurerm_data_lake_store_file" "example" {
  account_name     = azurerm_data_lake_store.example.name
  local_file_path  = "./example/myfile.txt"
  remote_file_path = "/example/myfile.txt"
}

data "azuread_service_principal" "example" {
  display_name = azurerm_data_share_account.example.name
}

resource "azurerm_role_assignment" "example" {
  scope                = azurerm_data_lake_store.example.id
  role_definition_name = "Owner"
  principal_id         = data.azuread_service_principal.example.object_id
}

resource "azurerm_data_share_dataset_data_lake_gen1" "example" {
  name          = "example-dlg1ds"
  data_share_id = azurerm_data_share.example.id
  data_lake_store {
    name                = azurerm_data_lake_store.example.name
    resource_group_name = azurerm_data_lake_store.example.resource_group_name
    subscription_id     = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
  }
  file_name   = "myfile.txt"
  folder_path = "example"
  depends_on = [
    azurerm_role_assignment.example,
  ]
}
```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) The name of the Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

```

> * `data_share_id` - (Required) The ID of the Data Share in which this Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset should be created. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `data_share_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the Data Share where this Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset should be created. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

```

* `data_lake_store` - (Required) A `data_lake_store` block as defined below.

* `folder_path` - (Required) The folder path of the data lake store to be shared with the receiver. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

> * `file_name` - (Optional) The file name in the folder path of the data lake store to be shared with the receiver. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `file_name` - (Optional) The file name of the data lake store to be shared with the receiver. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

```

---

A `data_lake_store` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required)  The name of the data lake store to be shared with the receiver. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required)  The resource group name of the data lake store to be shared with the receiver. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

* `subscription_id` - (Required) The subscription id of the data lake store to be shared with the receiver. Changing this forces a new Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset to be created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported: 

> * `id` - The ID of the Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `id` - The resource ID of the Data Share Data Lake Gen1 Dataset.

```

> * `display_name` - The name of the Data Share Dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `display_name` - The displayed name of the Data Share Dataset.

```
